afmstudio.craigslistclassifiedslocal_privacy_policy: 1070 words
ai.appfront.luckyslice_privacy_policy: 909 words
ai.blueplate.app_privacy_policy: 1341 words
ai.halloween.aifilter.art_privacy_policy: 199 words
aiart.midjourney.dreamnow_privacy_policy: 457 words
at.tomtasche.reader.pro_privacy_policy: 363 words
bau.moho.freevpn_privacy_policy: 835 words
blizzard.ponderonweather_privacy_policy: 1895 words
bloodpressure.bloodpressureapp.bloodpressuretracker_privacy_policy: 305 words
com.adv.flixgo.movies_privacy_policy: 213 words
com.aisecurity_privacy_policy: 1700 words
Com.app.mmallbooks_privacy_policy: 280 words
Com.app.mypersonalweathermanapp_privacy_policy: 1152 words
com.appvision.babygenerator.android_privacy_policy: 135 words
com.banix.drawsketch.ardraw_privacy_policy: 81 words
com.brandemaker.dailypost_privacy_policy: 265 words
com.charstar.andoid_privacy_policy: 1191 words
com.chula.app_privacy_policy: 116 words
com.cigna.mobile.mycigna_privacy_policy: 2400 words
com.company.saturai_privacy_policy: 270 words
com.crateandbarrel.ca_privacy_policy: 263 words
com.directlink.ciqpro_privacy_policy: 766 words
com.discord_privacy_policy: 2860 words
com.djipilot.gofly_privacy_policy: 1084 words
com.espn.score_center_privacy_policy: 172 words
com.firstunitedbank.mobile_privacy_policy: 249 words
com.green.id_privacy_policy: 356 words
com.homesecurityinnovation.netgearrouter_privacy_policy: 161 words
com.horoscope.daily.astrology_privacy_policy: 787 words
com.imageline.flm_privacy_policy: 682 words
com.inspiredwatchface.gingerbread_privacy_policy: 1931 words
com.ironlab.whatsweb_privacy_policy: 984 words
com.jura.coloring.page_privacy_policy: 309 words
com.mcdonalds.app_privacy_policy: 208 words
com.messages.chat.text.sms.messenger_privacy_policy: 283 words
com.mmdarkworld.allkarnote_privacy_policy: 145 words
Com.money.time_privacy_policy: 4057 words
com.myaichat.com_privacy_policy: 228 words
Com.openai.chatgpt_privacy_policy: 1139 words
com.owner.crispyrice_privacy_policy: 1459 words
Com.owner.revolutionarywings_privacy_policy: 2480 words
com.penly.penly_privacy_policy: 205 words
com.playdigious.deadcells.mobile_privacy_policy: 429 words
com.simplepilotapps.e6bflightcomputer_privacy_policy: 895 words
Com.soccer.score.start_privacy_policy: 838 words
com.space.saver.new.photo_privacy_policy: 1226 words
com.virus.remover_privacy_policy: 437 words
de.twokit.video.tv.cast.browser.lg.pro_privacy_policy: 1121 words
ee.mtakso.client_privacy_policy: 1154 words
psplay.grill.com_privacy_policy: 340 words
report.txt: 153 words
stepcounter.pedometer.stepstracker_privacy_policy: 1889 words

Average word count: 855.13